(Ai)
Previously on Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS..
(Flame)
Windy...
I'm surprised you'd choose
to duel us instead of Varis.
I know you haven't forgotten
that he defeated you.
Oh, he'll get his.
But Lightning's strategy
is to defeat
the weakest duelists first.
(both)
Let's duel!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 Salamangreat Heatleo!
(Windy)
Now Bahamaut Bomber,
attack Salamangreat
Heatleo!
Blow out its flames
with a huge gust of wiiind!
Argh!
(Windy)
It's your turn, Flameburner,
see what I did there?
And I can say quite certainly
that it will be your last.
(Blue Maiden)
This isn't looking good
for Soulburner.
He's down to his last
600 life points.
And to make
matters worse,
he has no monsters
on his field
while Windy still
has his Bahamut Bomber.
(sniffing)
Do I smell
duck a l'orange?
'Cause I say their goose
is cooked.
I wouldn't count Soulburner
and Flame out just yet, Ai.
C'mon guys,
don't let me down.
It's my turn!
I draw!
And I'll kick it off
by activating Salamangreat
Performance!
When I have fewer life
points than my opponent
and I have a Salamangreat
in my graveyard,
this spell lets me
snag another copy
of that monster from my deck.
So I get
Salamangreat Fowl!
Next, I activate
Salamangreat Mole's
special ability!
By banishing it
from my graveyard,
I can return five other
Salamangreat cards to my deck,
and then draw two cards!
Then I activate
my Equip Spell Rising Fire!
When I have no monsters
on my field
I can equip this card
on a Fire monster
in my graveyard
to resummon it!
Rise up, Salamangreat
Heatleo!
Plus, Rising Fire
gives it 500 attack points!
Not bad, not bad,
not great but not bad.
Because I have my Field Spell
Stormrider Blast.
When there's only a single
Stormrider Link Monster
on my field, there it is
on my upper right, upper left,
for you, if your monster has
equal or fewer links,
meaning 3 or less,
it loses its special abilities.
So Heatleo's abilities are
poof up in smoke.
Without its abilities,
Heatleo's not nearly as strong
as it can be.
Not to mention it has
fewer attack points
than Bahamut Bomber.
(Ai)
It was bad before,
but good thing Soulburner
made all those moves
to put himself
in a worse position!
I activate
my Spell
Salamangreat Sparks!
This spell has two effects:
First, if the monster equipped
with this card is destroyed,
I can summon two Salamangreat
Tokens in defense mode
to either of our fields.
And second, when the equipped
monster battles,
its attack points become
exactly the same
as the monster it's fighting.
Ah, that'll allow Heatleo
to destroy my monster,
in theory.
But in reality I'll use
Bahamut Bomber's special ability
to destroy that Equip Spell.
No, you won't.
Not if I go and equip the spell
on your Bahamut Bomber!
What?
Huh? He equipped it on
Windy's monster?
That's smart.
If he now destroys
Salamangreat Sparks,
Soulburner can summon
Tokens on Windy's field
and negate Stormrider
Blast's effect.
And now...
I think I'll go and activate
another Equip Spell!
(grunts)
Salamangreat Claw!
By equipping it
on my Heatleo,
it can no longer
be destroyed in battle!
Now when our monsters
fight head-to-head,
only yours will be destroyed.
Wrong, Flame!
Wrong, wrong, wrong,
wrong, wrong!
I may not be able
to get get rid of
the other Equip Spell,
but I can get rid of this one!
I activate Bahamut Bomber's
special ability
to destroy
Salamangreat Claw
and deal you 500 points
of damage for dessert!
(grunts)
You only have a measly
100 life points left.
Even a no-eyed clam can see
that this game is over.
Oh, is that so?
Then you better get that clam
a pair of glasses!
Huh?
Yeah, I went fishing
for that one.
But this'll get me
back on track!
By summoning
Salamangreat Falco,
I can also automatically
summon Salamangreat Fowl
from my hand!
Now it's time...
to blaze my circuit!
Ha!
The summoning condition
requires
one Level 4
or lower Cyberse!
I Link Summon!
Link 1 Salamangreat
Balelynx!
But due to Stormrider
Blast's effect,
it loses its special abilities,
meaning its defanged!
(Soulburner)
Then how's this?
I activate my Falco's ability
to retrieve Salamangreat Claw
and place it
facedown on my field.
And even though
you managed to negate
my Balelynx's abilities,
that won't matter
when I use it
and Salamangreat Fowl
to Link Summon again!
I Link Summon!
Link 2 Salamangreat
Sunlight Wolf!
(growls)
Well Stormrider Blast's effect
negates your canine
just as it did your feline!
(grunts)
While you keep doing that,
I'll do something different
to up my game!
Ha!
I activate Salamangreat
Sanctuary
to Reincarnation Link Summon!
This lets me bring back...
Link 3 Salamangreat Heatleo!
Stormrider Blast will negate
its abilities like all the rest!
So what?
I have a card that
makes it a non factor!
Salamangreat Claw!
When Heatleo is equipped
with this card,
it can't be destroyed
in battle.
And even better,
Heatleo is allowed to attack
once for every link
that it has.
Since Heatleo
has three links,
it's allowed to attack up
to three times in a single turn.
Three times?
Oh, nooo...
is what I'd be saying
if my monster didn't have
more attack points
than yours.
That is true,
but also irrelevant.
Due to Salamangreat
Sparks's effect,
Bahamut Bomber's attack
points become the same
as Heatleo's during battle.
Except our monster can't
be destroyed while yours can.
Aww, wait, wait, time out,
pause for a sec.
Uh-uh. No chance.
Salamangreat
Heatleo, attack now!
By destroying
Bahamut Bomber,
Salamangreat Sparks
is also destroyed.
This can't be happening!
When Salamangreat Sparks
is destroyed,
it summons two Salamangreat
Tokens on your field
in defense mode!
And those Tokens
have 0 defense points!
Oh, and one more thing...
When Heatleo attacks
a monster in defense mode,
it can still deal you damage!
That's 2300 points
of damage per attack.
Times that by two
and that equals firecrackers!
Now for my second attack!
Ohh, nooo, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no,
please, please, please,
please, please!
It's a bit too late
for that, Windy.
You got that right.
Heatleo, attack his
Token!
(screams)
Yeah! One last attack
and the show's ova!
Now Heatleo, attack the last
Token and end this duel!
(shrieking)
Just kidding.
(gasps)
You see, what you see
in my hand,
well, Echo's hand,
to be precise, as he is me
and I am him, so his hand
is mine and my hand is his,
is Stormrider Gulldiver.
By sending this card
to the graveyard,
the damage I take
is cut in half
and you're no longer
allowed to battle
for the rest of this turn.
No way!
(laughs)
Looks like this clock
is still tickin'.
Hmm.
This isn't good, Soulburner.
Why?
We got him down
to 550 life points--
(gasps) Oh, wait...
Can he now use his Skill?
Can I?
Well let's do a refresher
on the requirements, shall we?
I must, one: have less
than 1000 life points
in two: a Speed Duel.
Do I have less than
a 1000 life points? Check.
Is this a Speed Duel?
No check.
But you're still
not off the hook!
(grunts)
Since I am naturally one
with the wind,
I can conjure up a Data Storm
outside of a Speed Duel,
so check, check, check.
(chuckles) ♪ I thought of
everything ♪♪♪
(humming)
Aww, glitch!
(Windy)
Fuuurthermore,
by banishing Gulldiver
from my graveyard,
I can resummon
Bahamut Bomber
by cutting its attack
points in half
and negating
its special abilities.
Further furthermore,
my Stormrider Blast
raises its attack points
by 400, plus another 300
for every Field Spell
in my graveyard
for a total of 700
additional attack points.
Any ideas?
Yeah!
I play...
the spell card
Salamangreat Sublimation!
By tributing Sunlight Wolf,
I regain life points
equal to its attack points!
Then I draw one card
from my deck!
Next I'm gonna play this--
(Flame)
Wait, Soulburner.
We must be careful
about which cards to play,
not to mention when
to play those cards.
And judging by Windy's
past moves,
now is not the right time.
Ah, you worry too much.
You don't worry enough.
(Soulburner)
What?
Fine.
Do whatever you like.
I'll play this facedown...
and end my turn.
Oh! I can't believe it!
You actually played it!
You should've listened
to Flame!
But nooo, you'd rather
make a mistake.
That's why human partners
are the absolute worst!
And now it will
cost you everything!
(Windy)
It's my turn!
Echo, if you will do
the honors?
First, my banished
Stormrider Stolastorm
returns from its vacation.
And due to my Field Spell
Stormrider Blast's effect,
it gains 700 attack points!
But those are just
the appetizers
for the main course!
I'll use my Skill to snatch up
a brand new Link Monster
from the Data Storm.
And let me remind you,
I could've never done this
without your help, Soulburner.
Thanks for being such a fool.
Storm Access!
I hope you realize that although
you're not breaking the rules,
you're bending them severely.
I'll take that as a compliment.
Because if you're not cheating,
you're not trying.
Now allow me to show you
the new monster that I obtained!
The summoning conditions
require at least two
Stormrider Link Monsters.
So I set Stormrider Bahamut
Bomber and Stolastorm
in the Link Arrows!
If he's willing to get rid of
Bahamut Bomber,
then this is gonna be rough.
You don't know
the half of it!
I Link Summon!
Link 4 Stormrider Flagship
Custom Bahamut Bomber!
And Stormrider Blast's effect
makes it even stronger!
That's a whole lotta
of attack points, Flame.
And we still don't know
what abilities it may have.
Then allow me to introduce you
to one of them.
And here's a fun fact,
you won't like it.
When I have zero cards
in my Spell & Trap Zone,
I can transform
one of your monsters
into a worthless spell card
and scoot it to the back
of your field.
Aww, man!
And since Salamangreat
Claw can only equip
on to monsters, not spells,
it's destroyed!
I told you
you wouldn't like it.
I did, I did.
And if you didn't like that,
you definitely won't like this.
Custom Bahamut Bomber's
second ability destroys
all your spell
and trap cards,
and you take 500 points
of damage for each one.
So your Heatleo? Gone!
That card Flame told you
not to play? Gone!
A thousand of your
life points?
Gone, gone, gone!
And to think this wouldn't have
happened if your teamwork worked
but it didn't, so your cards
are going bye byeee!
(grunts)
And with that, you have
nothing on your field!
Do you now agree that
we shouldn't have played
that card?
Yes.
Oh, now you listen to him
when it's much too late.
All because you're
too arrogant to snack
on a slice of humble pie.
You should've recognized
from the start that the Ignis
are always right and humans
are always wrong.
Because the Ignis
are flawless--
well, certain Ignis
are flawless.
I can't speak for the defects
who'd choose to team with,
ugh, humans.
Hey!
Why you gotta
drag me into this?
Now I can't say
this duel was fun,
but I can say
this duel is done!
Custom Bahamut Bomber,
attack!
Ha, I'm blowing out
your flickering flame
and there's nothing
you can do about it!
Are you sure about that?
Huh?
I activate my trap card!
A trap? What trap?
I don't see a trap.
Try thinking of a location
other than the field, Windy.
Field? No.
Deck? No.
Hand? No.
Graveyard?
(gasps) Graveyard!
That's right, Windy,
the graveyard.
I banish my trap
Salamangreat Ascetic
from my graveyard
to activate its effect!
It returns a Salamangreat
Link Monster to my Extra Deck
and it also resurrects
a different
Salamangreat monster to
my field in defense mode.
Take wing,
Salamangreat Falco!
Salamangreat Ascetic is
the facedown card
we played earlier,
but to use its full effect,
we needed you to destroy it
and send it
to the graveyard.
So me and Flame
did a little acting,
like we had a disagreement
that led to a mistake and voila.
Hook line and sinker.
So you tricked me?
(grunts) But it changes
nothing!
Custom Bahamut Bomber, attack
and eliminate their Falco!
When my monster's about
to be destroyed in battle,
I can banish Salamangreat
Balelynx from my graveyard
to take the hit instead!
(grunts)
Would... you... two...
just stop trying!
It's annoying and frustrating
and annoying!
Looks like we're
getting to him, Flame.
Oh, no no no no no no no,
you're not.
Do I need to remind you,
I guess I do,
that I still have
the strongest monster in play?
A monster that you're forced
to attack due to
Stormrider Blast's effect?
So you did manage
to get another turn,
but that turn will be
your last.
Soulburner,
he does have a point.
So, are you worried, bud?
No, not at all.
Because I believe in you.
I believe in you too.
It all comes down
to this final draw, Flame.
So let's make sure
it's a good one!
Here goes!
I drawww!
Perfect!
I summon Salamangreat
Gazelle!
When this monster is summoned,
its special ability
lets me send a different
Salamangreat in my deck
to the graveyard.
So I send
Salamangreat Spiny!
But Spinny has
its own special ability!
When there's a Salamangreat
monster on my field,
I can resurrect it
from my graveyard!
That's it?
Of all the creatures
in the universe,
I'm supposed to be scared
of a deer and an armadillo?
Don't you know you should never
judge a book by its cover?
'Cause you're now about to learn
what they can really do!
I overlay Level 3 Salamangreat
Gazelle and Salamangreat Spinny!
Overlay?
With these two monsters,
I'll now build
the Overlay Network!
Windy, watch and weep!
This wild steed blazes
through the tundra
to torch every illusion!
I Xyz Summon!
Rank 3
Salamangreat Miragestallio!
Next, I activate
its special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
Miragestallio summons
a Salamangreat from my deck!
Here comes Salamangreat
Beat Bison!
And Beat Bison has its own
special ability!
For every faceup card
you have on your field,
I can return a Fire
Attribute Link Monster
in my graveyard
to my Extra Deck!
But that's not all, Windy,
I also get to negate
the effects and abilities
of your faceup cards!
So I return two
Heatleos to my Extra Deck
and negate Custom Bahamut Bomber
and Stormrider Blast's
effects and abilities,
so your high flyers
won't be flying so high.
Next, I'll follow that up
by blazing my circuit!
I set Miragestallio,
Falco, and Beat Bison
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 3
Salamangreat Heatleo!
When I use Miragestallio
to Link Summon,
its special ability activates
and returns one monster
on your field to your hand.
So your Custom Bahamut Bomber
is gallopin' on outta here!
What?
(grunts) I don't think so!
Not when I have
Stormrider Tubieloof!
By discarding this card
from my hand,
it negates your monster's
special ability!
So my Custom Bahamut Bomber
is staying right where it is!
And I'm staying right here
as well because I'm the one
who'll blow your flame out,
not the other way around!
Listen Windy,
I know that the wind
can blow a flame out.
But the wind can also
fan the flames
into a raging inferno!
I activate Salamangreat
Sanctuary's effect!
Reincarnation Link Summon!
Rise again from
the valley of flames!
Salamangreat Heatleo!
When Heatleo
is reincarnated,
it can make your monster's
attack points become
the same as one that's
in my graveyard!
And my Spinny only has
a thousand attack points!
Don't do it, don't do it,
don't do it!
Flame Possession!
Nooo!
You did it, you did it,
you did it!
Windy, you saw teamwork
as a negative
instead of a positive.
But only by working together
could Soulburner and I
steer the duel
in our favor and--
Just attack me so I don't have
to listen to Flame anymore!
Sure.
Alright, Heatleo!
Attack and destroy Custom
Bahamut Bomber!
Inferno Strike!
(screams)
(grunts)
I had this duel.
I had it!
Where did I go wrong?
Was it when I played
my Field Spell or
when I Link Summoned?
No, it was long before then.
It was the moment
you eliminated your partner.
What? That useless
human being?
In a true partnership,
you not only fight
for yourself,
but for your partner as well.
And that goes both ways.
Since we do not want
to let each other down,
we fight harder
than we would alone,
overcoming our limits
to reach heights
we thought were
once impossible.
So once you got rid
of your partner,
you could say you got
rid of yourself.
(grunts)
No, no, no, no,
this can't be happening!
It was a fluke!
A fluke!
I shouldn't have lost!
You just got lucky!
Lightning! Save me!
Lightning!
I thought Windy would
perform better.
Oh, well.
(screams)
Windy, I'll hold on
to your data
so that you won't be
permanently erased.
No, no, no, no!
Nooo!
I would rather be erased
than have to live inside you!
(screams)
You sure you wanna
carry him around?
Of course.
Whether friend or foe,
every life is precious.